feat(session): add tmux windows mode (#4)
pld/wt: README.md

> wt ls                     Interactive workspace picker
> wt rm [name]              Remove workspace (interactive if no name)
> wt which                  Print current workspace name
> wt session [--mode M]     Enter tmux session(s) (see Session Mode)
> wt session [--mode M] ls  List workspaces in session
> wt session [--mode M] add <name>
>       [-b base]           base: defaults to main
>       [--panes 2|3]       override pane count (panes mode) / window count (windows mode)
>       [--watch]           add status window with live agent status (panes mode only)
> wt session [--mode M] rm <name>
> wt session [--mode M] watch [-i N]
> wt -d <dir> <cmd>         Custom worktree directory (default: .worktrees)
> 
> M = panes | windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wt new [<name>]                     Create workspace and enter it, name defaults to current branch
     [-b <base>]                    Defaults to main
     [--print-path]                 Output path only (for scripts)
wt use <name>                       Enter existing workspace
wt ls                               Interactive workspace picker
wt rm <name>                        Remove workspace (interactive if no name)
wt which                            Print current workspace name
wt session [--mode M]               Enter tmux session(s) (see Session Mode)
wt session [--mode M] ls            List workspaces in session
wt session [--mode M] add <name>    Add a named session
     [-b <base>]                    Defaults to main
     [--panes 2|3]                  Override pane count (panes mode) / window count (windows mode)
     [--watch]                      Add status window with live agent status (panes mode only)
wt session [--mode M] rm <name>     Remove a named session
wt session [--mode M] watch [-i N]  Watch all the sessions
wt -d <dir> <cmd>                   Custom worktree directory (default: .worktrees)

M = panes | windows
```

pre-existing issue here w/inconsistent docs
